Poll drafts for april 8 (#2613)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/SparkLend Gnosis - Onboard EURe to Spark Protocol - April 8, 2024.md

---

> title: SparkLend Gnosis - Onboard EURe to Spark Protocol - April 8, 2024

Reviewer: Change file name as well if including this change

```suggestion
title: SparkLend Gnosis - Onboard EURe to SparkLend - April 8, 2024
```

> summary: Onboard EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) to Spark Protocol on Gnosis with included parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Onboard EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) to SparkLend on Gnosis with included parameters.
```

discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/apr-4-2024-proposed-changes-to-sparklend-for-upcoming-spell/24033
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-04-08T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-04-11T16:00:00
---

> # Poll: SparkLend Gnosis - Onboard EURe to Spark Protocol - April 8, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Poll: SparkLend Gnosis - Onboard EURe to SparkLend - April 8, 2024
```

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, April 8 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> This poll allows the MakerDAO governance community to signal their support or opposition to adding EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) to Spark Protocol on Gnosis with the parameters below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This poll allows the MakerDAO governance community to signal their support or opposition to adding EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) to SparkLend on Gnosis with the parameters below:
```

### Spark Parameters

* Token: EURe
* Token Address: [0xcB444e90D8198415266c6a2724b7900fb12FC56E](https://gnosisscan.io/address/0xcB444e90D8198415266c6a2724b7900fb12FC56E)

> * Oracle: $oracle
> * Oracle Provider: $oracle-provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Oracle: [0xab70BCB260073d036d1660201e9d5405F5829b7a](https://gnosisscan.io/address/0xab70BCB260073d036d1660201e9d5405F5829b7a)
* Oracle Provider: Chainlink
```

* Optimal borrow rate: 7%
* Max borrow rate: 57%
* Optimal Utilization: 90%
* Reserve factor: 10%
* Borrowable in isolation mode: Yes
* [Siloed borrowing](https://docs.spark.fi/defi-infrastructure/sparklend#siloed-borrowing): Yes
* Collateral Enabled: No
* [Efficency Mode](https://docs.spark.fi/defi-infrastructure/sparklend#efficiency-mode-emode): N/A
* [Isolation Mode](https://docs.sparkprotocol.io/developers/features/isolation-mode) Enabled: N/A
* Isolation Mode Debt Ceiling: N/A
* [Supply cap](https://docs.spark.fi/defi-infrastructure/sparklend#supply-and-borrow-caps): 5,000,000 EURe
* [Borrow cap](https://docs.spark.fi/defi-infrastructure/sparklend#supply-and-borrow-caps):  4,000,000 EURe

Please review the proposal [thread](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/apr-4-2024-proposed-changes-to-sparklend-for-upcoming-spell/24033) for more information about this proposed onboarding.

A risk evaluation has been provided by BA Labs and can be found [here](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/apr-4-2024-proposed-changes-to-sparklend-for-upcoming-spell/24033/3). 

## Outcomes

**If the votes for the 'Yes' option exceed the votes for the 'No' option then the following actions will be taken:**

> * EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) will be onboarded to Spark Protocol Gnosis via a future executive vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* EURe (Monerium EUR emoney) will be onboarded to SparkLend Gnosis via a future executive vote.
```
